Project Proposal

Project Name: COVID Management System 
Programming Language: C

By Md. Shakhawat Hossain 

INTRODUCTION: 

COVID Management System is an application made using the C programming language. Mainly, this application will be used to distribute covid 19 vaccine among the general people and store their information for further observation. 

OBJECTIVES:

In this project, Mainly, there will be three sections. Those Sections are:
1.	Covid-19 Vaccine Registration
2.	Log in to see Registration Status
3.	Log in as an administrator

There will be a section called “Covid-19 Vaccine Registration” for individuals in this project. Those who want to register for the covid-19 vaccine must provide their information (Name, Age, NID, or Birth Certificate). This information will be stored. Secondly, individuals can see their registration status (Name, Age, Gender, Given Vaccine Dose, etc.) using a section called “Log in to see Registration Status.” If anything goes wrong here, the patient can modify their information. Finally, there will be a section called log in as an administrator. The Administrator can see all the information and update only the vaccine names and dose numbers on individuals.

FEATURE:

	Login 

Users/Admin must have to log in to access the Program. So, this Program appears in the login menu; by using a name & password user can log in to the Program.
i)	User login
ii)	Admin login




	View Information

In this function, the Administrator/User can see the actual data. After choosing, any kind and stored information will appear in this function. This panel function makes a direct point to the storage and shows all the data. 
i)	User View
ii)	Admin view

	Registration: 

In this function, Program will ask for information from the user to register in the Program. The registration structure contains information: Name, Date of birth, NID, and Birth Certificate. Then the Program will automatically give the user an ID number and a username, and this information will be stored for login.
i)	Information Stored as data
ii)	Information stored for user login

	Edit Information 

In this function, the user can edit any information about them. There will be a modified structure of Change name, Change Age, Change Birth certificate/ NID.
i)	By the user
ii)	By the administrator

	Add Information about Individuals

The Program will ask the Administrator about the given vaccine name and doses in this function. Just input the primary data, and it will store it for further queries. (Administrator only)

	Return or Jump 

After using the Program, the user can exit or jump to another option from the Program by this function. Once a user leaves, another user must log in before accessing the Program. 
